# DSA210-24-Fall-term-project
Until I started to study for the university entrance exam, I used to spend a lot of time with my Playstation 4. But especially after I started university my hours in front of the TV started to drop. At least it feels like it. So the aim of this project is to analyze the data which I collected from Sony and Apple Health and to investigate if they have any correlation with each other. 

Both the data from Sony and the data from Apple Health were easy to access. I downloaded the data from Apple Health directly. The data consist of "Date" and "Step Counts". I requested the data from Sony via account settings, which was pretty easy as well. After some cleaning these data only consist of "Transaction Date" and "Content Type". Transaction dates are the dates that those "contents" ("New Game", "In-game Content", "Subscriptions" and "Apps") were acquired either for free or with money. By examining these data, I am trying to find if there is a correlation between acquiring new contents for my PS4 and the change in my step counts after acquiring new contents related to my average step count. 

Since I did not have a phone until high school, I have health data starting from 06-12-2017. That's why I only use the data from Sony starting from that date. Fortunately before that date there are not many data to begin with. The tricky part is that Apple Health app exports the data in a messy .xml format so it needs cleaning and organizing. In order to get the simple and clean data I needed, I used an app called "Health Export" from the app store which basically converts the data into the format I can use. I combined the two datasets in one .xlsx file. After the operations data were ready to be analyzed.

